Paragraphs about SEO learned from slides and research:
SEO stands for search engine optimization. SEO falls more into the job of marketers, but developers should still have at least a basic knowledge of it since it makes communicating with the marketers much easier. Having good SEO is important because this leads to organic traffic on a website. Good SEO practices make it easier for services like Google to recommend a website in the search results for users. This way a website can get multiple visits to their site without needing to pay to be a sponsored search result, which most people tend to ignore anyway. Another part of SEO is using analytical tools to discover which features and parts of webpages are the most used/visited on your sites. This can help optimize your site further to keep users on your platform as well as having the important content be easily accessible to users. Perhaps if a cool feature is not catching on as well as planned, analytic tools can help answer questions about why that could be happening.
Metadata, simply put, is data about data. Metadata ties into SEO because it further helps search engines understand the type of data on your site. It doesn't just benefit only the search engines either. Metadata can help you, the maintainer of a site, learn more about your users and make potential improvements to the site, especially when combined with analytics. Meta tags come in all sorts of forms. They range from providing the title of your site, which search engines can use to display your sites in their search results, to the robot tags, which specify permissions for search engine crawlers that analyze your site periodically to give it an SEO score. The better the SEO score, the more likely a search engine will recommend your site. It's far better to use good SEO practices to raise this score; trying sneaky ways such as hot-linking to other sites or including invisible ghost content does not fool these robots!

Ideal SEO implementation:
One thing I would probably want to do is find better ways to link to other sites, even to other social media sites. My site currently only links to its APIs and otherwise runs independently from other external links. Since I'm not maintaining social media for it either, I didn't link to Facebook, Twitter, etc as described in the slides, but if I was seriously looking to have Weather-Global take off, I would definitely add those in. Other sites I could link to are perhaps resources for users to learn more about the weather, or perhaps if they were using forecasts to help plan trips, I could link to hotel and rental car services.
I would also need to buy a good domain name. It definitely improves both branding and SEO, so I would need a nice, clean .com  rather than ending in .netlify.app.
Another feature that would improve SEO is to try to make my pages work with multiple languages. This way I could get traffic from much of the rest of the world, which does not prefer the English language.
I would definitely want to add an advanced server feature that tracks the metaInfo afterNavigation method, informing me how users navigate throughout my site. This would, combined with google analytics, help me determine which parts of my website users like and/or dislike.
